== README
This is a production version of my Final Project from The iron Yard Academy
Ruby on Rails Engineering course, taken the Summer 2014 in Houston, TX. It
accesses the Songkick.com API to provide location information for upcoming
concerts around the world and displays that information as a marker on a map,
provided by GoogleMaps Javascript API v3. The navbar and framework are provided
by Foundation 5 by Zurb. The markers are clickable to see the date of the
concert and provide a link to the event page at Soundkick.com.

Future updates are planned to include a user sign up for accessing saved
searches, increased utilization of songkick.com for registered users,
implementation of location and directions through GoogleMaps, and improved
search options.

Copyright (c) <2014> <Eric D. Epperson>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
